DOCSP-41333 Version Release for 3.0 and 3.0.1 (#123)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/whats-new.txt

Learn about new features, improvements, and fixes introduced in the
following versions of the {+driver-long+}:

* :ref:`Version 3.0.1 <rust-version-3.0.1>`
* :ref:`Version 3.0 <rust-version-3.0>`
* :ref:`Version 2.8 <rust-version-2.8>`
* :ref:`Version 2.7 <rust-version-2.7>`
* :ref:`Version 2.6 <rust-version-2.6>`

.. _rust-version-3.0.1:

What's New in 3.0.1
---------------------

The {+driver-short+} v3.0.1 release includes the following features,
improvements, and fixes:

> - Fixes issue where aggregations with both explicit sessions and custom types
>   wouldn't compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue in which aggregations run within explicit sessions and aggregation
  that used custom types wouldn't compile.
```

Author: Based on the PR for this change, it seems like the issue is: "Aggregation with both an explicit session and a custom type isn't possible. While helpers for both with_type and session exist in the 3.0 API, it's impossible to use both on the same aggregation." I think the current suggestion seems to imply it's that both explicit sessions and custom types don't work individually. What do you think of:

Fixes an issue in which aggregations run within explicit sessions which also used custom types wouldn't compile.

Reviewer: sounds good!

> - Fixes issue where ``Collection::watch`` didn't use the ``Collection`` type
>   parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue in which the ``Collection::watch()`` method didn't
  use the type parameter of the ``Collection`` instance it was run on.
```

To learn more about this release, see the
`v3.0.1 Release Notes

> <https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-rust-driver/releases/tag/v3.0.1>`__

Reviewer: S: let's move `https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-rust-driver/` into a source constant and replace the link stem throughout the page with that constant

Reviewer: It can be called "driver-source"
